DOC-3389 (#2423)
harness/developer-hub: release-notes/security-testing-orchestration.md

```
Review the notes below for details about recent changes to Security Testing Orchestration, NextGen SaaS. For release notes for Harness Self-Managed Enterprise Edition, go to [Self-Managed Enterprise Edition release notes](/release-notes/self-managed-enterprise-edition). 

> For information about data privacy and security, go to the [Harness Trust Center](https://trust.harness.io/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Harness publishes security advisories for every release. Go to the [Harness Trust Center](https://trust.harness.io/?itemUid=c41ff7d5-98e7-4d79-9594-fd8ef93a2838&source=documents_card) to request access to the security advisories.
```

Reviewer: Kim's post in the doc-writers channel uses this text.
